[docs][menu] Fix stale `selected` prop reference in Selected menu section (#48879)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/menus/menus.md

## Selected menu

If used for item selection, when opened, simple menus place the initial focus on the selected menu item.

> The currently selected menu item is set using the [`selected`](/material-ui/api/menu-item/#menu-item-prop-selected) prop.

Reviewer: It's a bit off for me to redirect to a link here. Can we do this:
```suggestion
The currently selected menu item is set using the `selected` prop available on `MenuItem`.
```

Author: Why do you feel like that?
It is a link already, just pointing to an incorrect location.
However, I don't have a strong preference, since the API docs do not have any meaningful extra information. 😊

Reviewer: > since the API docs do not have any meaningful extra information.

Yes, this and I think it's not a standard practice in our docs to point to props API in demo descriptions. Maybe there was a link earlier because `ListItem` was a different component and not part of menu.

Author: Sounds good. 👌
